Descriptions updated for Get Started/Tutorials (partly) (#3812)
timescale/docs: getting-started/next-steps.md

---
title: Next steps

> excerpt: Explore what features are available for your real-time analytics workloads after you have created a Timescale Cloud account and launched your first service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
excerpt: Explore the features that are available for your real-time analytics workloads after you have created a Timescale Cloud account and launched your first service
```
